refactor: polish readme for transformer torch encoder (#195)
jina-ai/executors: jinahub/encoders/text/TransformerTorchEncoder/README.md

> **TransformerTorchEncoder** wraps the torch-version of transformers from huggingface, encodes data from an array of string in size `B` into an ndarray in size `B x D`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TransformerTorchEncoder** wraps the torch-version of transformers from huggingface. It encodes text data into dense vectors.
```

**TransformerTorchEncoder** receives [`Documents`](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/document/) with `text` attributes.

> The `text` attribute represents the text to be encoded. This Executor will encode each `text` into an `ndarray` of shape `embedding_dim` and store them in the `embedding` attribute of the `Document`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `text` attribute represents the text to be encoded. This Executor will encode each `text` into a dense vector and store them in the `embedding` attribute of the `Document`.
```

## Usage

> ### Encoding example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Use the prebuilt images from Jina Hub in your Flow and encode an image:

```python
from jina import Flow, Document

f = Flow().add(uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder')

doc = Document(content='my sentence to be encoded')

with f:
    f.post(on='/index', inputs=doc, on_done=lambda resp: print(resp.docs[0].embedding))
```

### Set `volumes`

With the `volumes` attribute, you can map the cache directory to your local cache directory, in order to avoid downloading 
the model each time you start the Flow.

```python
from jina import Flow

flow = Flow().add(
    uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder',
    volumes='/your_home_folder/.cache/huggingface:/root/.cache/huggingface'
)
```

Alternatively, you can reference the docker image in the `yml` config and specify the `volumes` configuration.

`flow.yml`:

```yaml
jtype: Flow
pods:
  - name: encoder
    uses: 'jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder'
    volumes: '/your_home_folder/.cache/huggingface:/root/.cache/huggingface'
```

And then use it like so:
```python
from jina import Flow

flow = Flow.load_config('flow.yml')
```

> ### Supported models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use other pre-trained models
```

> You can specify the model to use with the parameter `model_name`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the model to use with the parameter `pretrained_model_name_or_path`:
```

```python

> import numpy as np
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

from jina import Flow, Document

f = Flow().add(
    uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder',
    uses_with={'pretrained_model_name_or_path': 'bert-base-uncased'}
)

doc = Document(content='this is a sentence to be encoded')

with f:

>     f.post(on='/index', inputs=doc, on_done=lambda resp: print(resp.docs[0].embedding))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    f.post(on='/foo', inputs=doc, on_done=lambda resp: print(resp.docs[0].embedding))
```

```

You can check the supported pre-trained models [here](https://huggingface.co/transformers/pretrained_models.html)

> ### GPU usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use GPUs
```

To enable GPU, you can set the `device` parameter to a cuda device.
Make sure your machine is cuda-compatible.
If you're using a docker container, make sure to add the `gpu` tag and enable 
GPU access to Docker with `gpus='all'`.
Furthermore, make sure you satisfy the prerequisites mentioned in 
[Executor on GPU tutorial](https://docs.jina.ai/tutorials/gpu_executor/#prerequisites).

```python

> import numpy as np

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

from jina import Flow, Document

f = Flow().add(
    uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder/gpu',
    uses_with={'device': 'cuda'}, gpus='all'
)

doc = Document(content='this is a sentence to be encoded')

with f:

>     f.post(on='/index', inputs=doc, on_done=lambda resp: print(resp.docs[0].embedding))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    f.post(on='/foo', inputs=doc, on_done=lambda resp: print(resp.docs[0].embedding))
```

**TransformerTorchEncoder** wraps the torch-version of transformers from huggingface, encodes data from an array of string in size `B` into an ndarray in size `B x D`

> **TransformerTorchEncoder** receives `Documents` with `text` attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TransformerTorchEncoder** receives [`Documents`](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/document/) with `text` attributes.
```

The `text` attribute represents the text to be encoded. This Executor will encode each `text` into an `ndarray` of shape `embedding_dim` and store them in the `embedding` attribute of the `Document`.

## Usage

> Use the prebuilt images from Jina Hub in your Python codes, add it to your Flow and encode an image:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the prebuilt images from Jina Hub in your Flow and encode an image:
```

```python
from jina import Flow, Document

f = Flow().add(uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder')

doc = Document(content='my sentence to be encoded')

with f:
    f.post(on='/index', inputs=doc, on_done=lambda resp: print(resp.docs[0].embedding))

> ```

Reviewer: This part is duplicated with L30-39

### Encoding example
After creating a Flow, prepare your Documents to encode. They should have the text attributes.
Then, we can start the Flow and encode the Documents. By default, any endpoint will encode 
the Documents:

```python
import numpy as np

from jina import Flow, Document

f = Flow().add(uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder')

doc = Document(text='this is a sentence to be encoded')

with f:
    f.post(on='/index', inputs=doc, on_done=lambda resp: print(resp.docs[0].embedding))

> ```

Reviewer 2: Not needed - it's the same example as above

### Set `volumes`

> With the `volumes` attribute, you can map the torch cache directory to your local cache directory, in order to avoid downloading 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the `volumes` attribute, you can map the cache directory to your local cache directory, in order to avoid downloading 
```

the model each time you start the Flow.

```python
from jina import Flow

flow = Flow().add(
    uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder',

>     volumes='/your_home_folder/.cache/torch:/root/.cache/torch'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    volumes='/your_home_folder/.cache/huggingface:/root/.cache/huggingface'
```

)
```

Alternatively, you can reference the docker image in the `yml` config and specify the `volumes` configuration.

`flow.yml`:

```yaml
jtype: Flow
pods:
  - name: encoder
    uses: 'jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder'

>     volumes: '/your_home_folder/.cache/torch:/root/.cache/torch'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    volumes: '/your_home_folder/.cache/huggingface:/root/.cache/huggingface'
```

```

And then use it like so:
```python
from jina import Flow

flow = Flow.load_config('flow.yml')
```

> ### Returns
> `Document` with `embedding` fields filled with an `ndarray` of shape `embedding_dim` (size depends on the model) with `dtype=float32`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We are removing all this
